and now books that will get you in
trouble because now that school's out
you can begin your real education and I
have some suggestions here but let me
say first if you pick up one of the
books i'm about to recommend and don't
like it after five pages move on your
brain is naturally designed to be ready
to absorb the information that is most
important to your success in life don't
let anybody tell you otherwise so today
I'd like to recommend three books that
were valuable to me the first is the law
by frédéric Bastiat now ironically when
we were putting the show together I went
to my bookshelf and realized that I had
given away my copy of the law I like
sharing books fortunately like a lot of
great books it's available for free to
download from the ludwig von mises
institute at mises org it's a very short
book but it gives you a proper
perspective on the law that is much
closer to what Edward Abbey described it
as in contrast to today's commonly held
delusions about it he said quote
government if you refuse to pay on dust
taxes your property will be confiscated
if you attempt to defend your property
you will be arrested if you resist
arrest you will be clogged if you defend
yourself against clubbing you will be
shot dead these procedures are known as
the rule of law alright so the next book
I have here is Atlas Shrugged by Ayn
Rand now I know the the length of this
book might might be a little bit
intimidating and you know even though I
only read this a couple of years ago I
hesitated to pick it up myself before
flying through all 1368 pages if you
like fiction with a purpose this book is
for you and if you saw the movie Atlas
Shrugged which was part 1 of 3 and
you're dying to see what happens next
you can actually skip ahead to where the
movie left off and start there so
finally from my favorite author of all
time dr. Ron Paul liberty defined this
book is a great reference as well as a
quick read as dr. Paul's crisp and
direct writing style makes all of the
fifty issues contained in this book very
easy to wrap your head around each one
is covered in just a few pages and gives
you a principled way to make your point
on most issues if you feel like your
government didn't want to teach you why
empires bad what real money is or why so
many people graduate from high school
without even learning how to read this
books got you covered but if i told you
that reading was the only way to learn
I'd be lying there are tons of great
informative and entertaining
documentaries out there too but don't
limit yourself to just books and
documentaries almost too many
documentaries to list so i'll just refer
you to one website as a jumping-off
point true world history dot info and
while it's putting this segment together
and deciding what books to include then
take me along but someone someone said
great something to keep kids out of
trouble for the summer yeah well nothing
could be further from the truth reading
these books will probably get you in
trouble if you live by the values they
advocate and I encourage that get in
trouble but for the right reasons